Hello dear subscribers and guests
of our channel in this video we give you
show hockey games we play in spring and
in summer using available tools
one of our favorite outdoor activities
it's laying out a figure from various
handy items now like pebbles
we usually take branches and poems and others
materials all that comes
our other favorite game is basketball
only this is unusual basketball this
basketball bump first we are going
two bumps bucket about one throw
trying to get there
ship repair
today came up with a wonderful
a game for ourselves here we have this
here
a pile of stones one by one is taken
drags into the box
we go we go we go we go and business ha ha
no take it turned out very interesting
hits one pebble likes and sort of
not aimlessly the child runs and at the same
it's about time now
get tired breathe fresh air and
happy and happy will return home
curb walking on the curb is
one of our most favorite games in
which we play in any weather end
thought always use opportunity if
there are around what be logs curbs we
always on him during my trainer or so
way of coordinating